Add trello and supabase tools (#2)
gptscript-ai/tools: apis/supabase/README.md

> # Gptscript with Supabase API
> 
> Welcome to the Gptscript project! This guide will help you understand how to use Gptscript to interact with Supabase APIs.
> 
> ## Overview
> 
> Gptscript is a friendly assistant designed to help you with DevOps-related tasks using CLI programs. In this project, Gptscript is configured to assist with Supabase API operations.
> 
> ## Prerequisites
> 
> Before you begin, ensure you have the following:
> 
> - [Supabase API key](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/api/introduction)
> 
> ### Available Tools
> 
> - **Read Operations:**
> 
>   - File: `read-only/tool.gpt`
>   - Description: Helps with read operations in Supabase API.
>   - Tools: `v1-get*`, `v1-list*` from `openapi.yaml`.
> 
> - **Read-Write Operations:**
> 
>   - File: `read-write/tool.gpt`
>   - Description: Helps with read and write operations in Supabase API.
>   - Tools: All the tools from `openapi.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Supabase API Tools

This folder contains tools for GPTScript to interact with the Supabase API.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have a Supabase API key. The instructions for creating one are [here](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/api/introduction).

## Available Tools

- github.com/gptscript-ai/tools/apis/supabase/read-only
  - This is a set of tools that can read information from the Supabase API, but will not change anything.
- github.com/gptscript-ai/tools/apis/supabase/read-write
  - This is a broader set of tools that can read, write, and delete things in the Supabase API.
```
